my dream was to entertain and to use
creative ability to do that but Tim
worked a gas station 750 an hour 60
hours a week to pour to put himself
through school I was living an
efficiency you know no there were no
bedrooms just a bathroom the floor
sleeping on air mattress but one night
Tim woke up with a premonition he dreamt
he'd won the lottery it's really weird I
remember waking up just and it took me a
few minutes to just realize that I had
not won I mean is that realistic and so
I was convinced that I was gonna win it
gets weirder February 1999 Tim can no
longer support himself he moves home but
at the gas station he sells himself a $1
ticket I thought it looked like lucky
numbers I just I had a funny feeling
about it I remember that night going
over to some friend's house to play
cards
I kept winning like every hand and I
kept telling people all night long that
I was gonna win the lottery and that I
had the ticket in my pocket you know I
kept telling people I'm gonna win well
hope they believe me of course they were
wrong
next morning Tim's father knocked on his
bedroom door somebody had won Powerball
with the ticket from his gas station we
went up and looked in the newspaper and
I couldn't find that ticket I was in a
panic and the ticket was all crumpled up
isn't a ball I had pulled it out and
unfolded it and looked and it matched
the numbers and you know looked a couple
times and then literally started you
know jumping and it was it was surreal
it was insane goodbye gas station hello
to all the things young millionaires
aspire to like private rock-climbing
lessons so right now we're out here in
the Rocky Mountains and I'm just getting
ready to learn how to do some rock
climbing and it's you know just one of
those things that now I have the
opportunity to do that in
but Tim's real dream wasn't climbing
rock faces he still wanted to become an
entertainer now he could afford it Tim
brought himself to Boulder and to the
School of Journalism and mass
communication at the University of
Colorado what I always wanted to do is
go to school and get my education and I
finally had the chance to do that so I
came here it's much more rewarding to do
that to me at least that's gotten by you
know a bunch of bling-bling and rings
and stuff like that that really wouldn't
make me any happier plus you know I'd go
broke pretty fast
he might be young but where his cash is
concerned
Tim is wise beyond his years when he
moved out of home he bought a modest
house in a quiet suburb many lottery
winners gone by huge mansions and stuff
like that but you know I really don't
need it I know this is more more space
than I need mansion it's not but inside
it's every bit the bachelor pad
wind it up from the sound system to the
furniture
even the dining room table doubles as a
poker pit it looks like a normal table
it's actually a pretty cool poker table
Tim's one big splurge was his hot tub so
there's the young millionaire bachelor
where are all the women
you guessed it Tammy Flay is hard to get
the girls that have dated since winning
the lottery list they already know
beforehand I don't you know just come
out and say I won the lottery you know I
have you know millions of dollars I
don't come on say that of could you know
because I don't want to attract the
wrong type of girl what Tim does want to
do is make movies
I started up a production company called
bullhead entertainment and I'm just
using it right now for a documentary I'm
pursuing it's kind of a Halloween themed
documentary about ghosts but you can
forget flashy production offices that's
what this fair bedrooms for Tim's
editing his film right here to me won't
make me happy I want to entertain people
it's a great opportunity that I have now
because of the lottery better still
Tim's production company has an owner
for financial backers he's it Tim kept
the fact that he was a lottery winner
really close to his chest I had no idea
that he had any kind of you know money I
didn't really know I thought maybe there
was a silent partner but um he's very
careful with this money in terms of how
he spends it Jim dreams his
feature-length documentary will make it
big on the big screen
it's a boyhood fantasy come true a
vision that foretold untold fortune and
allowed one of America's youngest
lottery winners ever to pursue his
ultimate ambition winning the lottery is
it's the great American dream
you